c:\users\герман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpyS\SpyS\bin\Debug\SpyS.exe.config
c:\users\герман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpyS\SpyS\bin\Debug\SpyS.exe
c:\users\герман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpyS\SpyS\bin\Debug\SpyS.pdb
c:\users\герман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpyS\SpyS\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\герман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\герман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.MainForm.resources
c:\users\герман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\герман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\герман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.exe
c:\users\герман\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.pdb
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\bin\Debug\SpyS.exe.config
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\bin\Debug\SpyS.exe
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\bin\Debug\SpyS.pdb
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.exe
C:\Users\Герман\Documents\My Programs\Repositories\SpyS\SpyS\SpyS\obj\Debug\SpyS.pdb
